`dotnet list package --vulnerable` uses AuditSources (#44722)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/tools/dotnet-list-package.md

- **`--vulnerable`**

  Lists packages that have known vulnerabilities. Cannot be combined with `--deprecated` or `--outdated` options.

>   Use the `<AuditSources>` property in your configuration file to specify your source of vulnerability data which is acquired from the [VulnerabilityInfo](/nuget/api/vulnerability-info) resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Use the `<AuditSources>` property in your configuration file to specify your source of vulnerability data, which is acquired from the [VulnerabilityInfo](/nuget/api/vulnerability-info) resource.
```

>   If `<AuditSources>` have not been specified, your specified `<PackageSources>` will be used for loading vulnerability data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If `<AuditSources>` is not specified, the specified `<PackageSources>` are used to load vulnerability data.
```

>   For more information, see [AuditSources](/nuget/concepts/auditing-packages#audit-sources) and [How to Scan NuGet Packages for Security Vulnerabilities](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/nuget/how-to-scan-nuget-packages-for-security-vulnerabilities/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  For more information, see [Audit sources](/nuget/concepts/auditing-packages#audit-sources) and [How to scan NuGet packages for security vulnerabilities](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/nuget/how-to-scan-nuget-packages-for-security-vulnerabilities/).
```

- **`--vulnerable`**

  Lists packages that have known vulnerabilities. Cannot be combined with `--deprecated` or `--outdated` options.

>   Use the `<AuditSources>` property in your configuration file to specify your source of vulnerabilities.
>   If `<AuditSources>` have not been specified, your specified `<PackageSources>` will be used for loading vulnerability data.
>   Note: The command uses [VulnerabilityInfo](/nuget/api/vulnerability-info) if you have `<AuditSources>` configured.
>   For more information, see [AuditSources](/nuget/concepts/auditing-packages#audit-sources) and [How to Scan NuGet Packages for Security Vulnerabilities](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/nuget/how-to-scan-nuget-packages-for-security-vulnerabilities/).

Reviewer 2: Looks good. 
One important edit "source of vulnerabilities" -> "source of vulnerability data".
I think there's a simplification to combine the "Note:"...

```suggestion
  Use the `<AuditSources>` property in your configuration file to specify your source of vulnerability data which is acquired from the [VulnerabilityInfo](/nuget/api/vulnerability-info) resource.
  If `<AuditSources>` have not been specified, your specified `<PackageSources>` will be used for loading vulnerability data.
  For more information, see [AuditSources](/nuget/concepts/auditing-packages#audit-sources) and [How to Scan NuGet Packages for Security Vulnerabilities](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/nuget/how-to-scan-nuget-packages-for-security-vulnerabilities/).
```

- **`--vulnerable`**

>   Lists packages that have known vulnerabilities. Cannot be combined with `--deprecated` or `--outdated` options. Use the `<AuditSources>` property in your configuration file to specify your source of vulnerabilities. If `<AuditSources>` have not been specified, your `<PackageSources>` will be used for loading vulnerability data. For more information, see [Vulnerabilities](/nuget/api/registration-base-url-resource) and [How to Scan NuGet Packages for Security Vulnerabilities](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/nuget/how-to-scan-nuget-packages-for-security-vulnerabilities/).

Reviewer 2: Consider newline for each sentence to work better with git's review features.

>   Lists packages that have known vulnerabilities. Cannot be combined with `--deprecated` or `--outdated` options. Use the `<AuditSources>` property in your configuration file to specify your source of vulnerabilities. If `<AuditSources>` have not been specified, your `<PackageSources>` will be used for loading vulnerability data. For more information, see [Vulnerabilities](/nuget/api/registration-base-url-resource) and [How to Scan NuGet Packages for Security Vulnerabilities](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/nuget/how-to-scan-nuget-packages-for-security-vulnerabilities/).

Reviewer 2: I expected to be taken to the Vulnerabilities section. This anchor should do it: 

```suggestion
  Lists packages that have known vulnerabilities. Cannot be combined with `--deprecated` or `--outdated` options. Use the `<AuditSources>` property in your configuration file to specify your source of vulnerabilities. If `<AuditSources>` have not been specified, your `<PackageSources>` will be used for loading vulnerability data. For more information, see [Vulnerabilities](/nuget/api/registration-base-url-resource#vulnerabilities) and [How to Scan NuGet Packages for Security Vulnerabilities](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/nuget/how-to-scan-nuget-packages-for-security-vulnerabilities/).
```

Author: Thanks all. I have attached the audit sources link.

>   Lists packages that have known vulnerabilities. Cannot be combined with `--deprecated` or `--outdated` options. Use the `<AuditSources>` property in your configuration file to specify your source of vulnerabilities. If `<AuditSources>` have not been specified, your `<PackageSources>` will be used for loading vulnerability data. For more information, see [Vulnerabilities](/nuget/api/registration-base-url-resource) and [How to Scan NuGet Packages for Security Vulnerabilities](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/nuget/how-to-scan-nuget-packages-for-security-vulnerabilities/).

Reviewer 2: Would it be any better to reference this page instead or in addition to the others? https://review.learn.microsoft.com/en-us/nuget/api/vulnerability-info?branch=main

Author: I think that can come in handy for some users. Added it.
